I'm not sure if we're even on the air.
Uh...this is uh...
...a series of explosions...
This is a major incident...
The emergency is a major incident...
That's a meteor hit.
It does now appear to be a major attack...
Since they landed outside Hamburg five years ago.
they have steadily advanced across Europe.
We've suffered millions of casualties and yet...
The evacuation of key government officials continuing...
Nothing we have done
has been able to stop their advance...
Human costs. the Europeans....
-  ...have paid the highest...
- They appear to mimic...
and even anticipate our actions...
We could not defeat them in France.
we'll be fighting them in the streets of London.
then New York. then Tokyo.
All of humanity is at stake.
After five years. we finally have a victory.
These pictures are just in from Verdun.
...and the coalition victory
was how low casualties were...
We have seen a stunning victory here today.
The United Defense Force...
How do you convince people...
that this is a fight that can be won?
This is an alien invasion and a global war.
With the new jack in technology
and limited amount of training.
we've been able to create super soldiers.
Look at Rita Vrataski. The Angel of Verdun....
They're calling her "The Angel of Verdun"...
You can see that's the new hope for this war...
With the new jack in technology
and limited amount of training.
Rita Vrataski was able to kill hundreds of Mimics...
She was able to kill hundreds of Mimics
on only her first day in combat.
Imagine any army of Rita Vrataski's.
We're managing to hold them back
at the English Channel.
- but for how long?
- It is a dangerous task
...and it's easy to understand
why people are so suspicious about this....
Over seventy nations
are joining the United Defense Force.
which hopes to push them back once and for all.
We've got 'em contained. and with this new technology.
we're gonna defeat 'em.
Operation Downfall is going to be
the largest mechanized invasion in the history of mankind.
We will be victorious.
We fight.
That's what we do.
LONDON
Major William Cage.
United Stated military.
Welcome to London. Major.
UNITED DEFENSE FORCE HEADQUARTERS
The General will see you now.
Thank you.
Operation Downfall.
the entire might of the UDF invading from France.
the Mediterranean. Scandinavia.
relieving pressure in the Eastern front and allowing
the Russians and Chinese to push the enemy back.
and we all meet in the middle.
exterminating this Mimic scourge along the way.
A lot of good soldiers
are going to die tomorrow. Major.
and when the smoke clears
and the body bags start coming home.
people tend to look for someone to blame.
someone like me.
Ideally I'd prefer a different scenario.
Please.
A best selling memoir perhaps?
Maybe a career in politics?
Off the top of my head. I would go with the...
"The Sense of Manifest Destiny"
"Rags to Riches: Rags Rise Through The Ranks."
"Born to Deliver."
You see people.
Well. they'd love that sort of thing.
You misunderstand. Major.
I didn't ask you here to sell me.
I want you to sell the invasion.
Okay.
You ship out to the coast in one hour.
Your comrade is standing by.
You'll be on the beach with the first wave.
I'm sorry.
The first wave. the beach?
You mean...
The front?
France.
Satellite show minimum
enemy movement down the coast.
Little resistance.
It'd be exciting.
something to tell your grandchildren.
Well. I appreciate the confidence. General.
I do...I do this to avoid doing that.
I...I...I was an ROTC in college.
and war broke out.
I lost my advertising firm and...
here I am.
I do what I do.
You...you do what you do.
But....
I'm not a soldier really.
No. of course you're not.
That's why I'm embedding you
with several hundred thousand men and women who are.
Well it is an honor. General.
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to decline.
I can't stand the sight of blood.
not so much as a paper cut.
Uh...but.
uh...it's sitting here thinking about this.
a couple of names come to mind
that I feel like I could recommend to you inste...
It's not an offer. Major.
it's an order.
General. I'm an officer in the United States Military.
You don't even have that authority...
I've spoken to your C.O.
You are now under my command.
You will retain your present rank of course.
My secretary has all the details.
Do a good job. Major.
Good luck.
Dismissed.
General.
I just inspired millions of people...
to join your army.
And when the body bags come home.
and they're looking for someone to blame.
How hard do you think
it would be for me to convince people...
to blame you?
I'd imagine a General would prefer to avoid that.
Are you blackmailing me. Major?
I would prefer...
not to be filming acts of heroism
and valor on that beach tomorrow.
You won't be.
I'm glad we could uh...work this out.
Now. if you'll excuse me. General. I...
Thank you.
Arrest this man.
What?
Stop running!
Flight closing in 10 minutes.
On your feet. maggot!
Now that's no way to address an officer. Sergeant.
That's how I address a slack-jawed recruit
right before I bust his hole with my boot heel.
Maggot!
Hold up there. son.
Can I help you. sir?
Where the hell am I. Sergeant?
Forward Operating Base. Heathrow.
You just came in with the fresh recruits.
Do I strike you as a fresh recruit?
No. sir. you do not.
My name is Major William Cage.
I'm an American officer...
Officer?
This is Processing.
There's no officers down here.
I got this. Sergeant.
How the hell did you end up in Processing?
What was it?
Poker night?
Bachelor party?
If it's all the same to you. Sergeant.
I'd like to explain that to my
Commanding Officer in Washington.
So if you just take me to the phone...
Haven't you heard?
We're t-minusing our whole S.H. out.
we're fixing to invade France.
This whole F.O.P is on lockdown.
no calls. in or out.
You're name's Farell?
That's right.
Master Sergeant Farell.
you're an American.
No. sir.
I'm from Kentucky.
Okay. well...
Look at me.
And look at where I am.
I've been railroaded.
It's obvious. I don't belong here.
So please. Sergeant.
There has to be a way
I can make a phone call.
I'll get you sorted out. sir.
Thank you.
Right this way.
- Where are you from in Kentucky. Sergeant?
- Little town called Science Hill.
- Heard of it?
- I have now.
- How about you. where are you from?
- Cranbury. New Jersey.
They grow our cranberries there. do they?
Tomatoes. best I've ever had.
Why do they called Cranbury then?
Why do they call it Science Hill?
Never asked. don't care.
After you.
You're not taking me to a phone.
are you. Sergeant?
No. I'm not.
Seems about the only honest thing
you've said to me so far is your name.
Says here you're a deserter.
Says here you were caught impersonating an officer.
It says here you'd likely try to make an outside call.
even compromise security of this operation.
Anything to get out of combat duty tomorrow.
But that's not gonna happen.
Ever.
Private Cage.
Rumor is a terrible thing.
And not following these men.
we'll all reach the same conclusion.
That you're a coward and a liar.
putting your life above theirs.
The good new is there's hope for you. Private.
Hope in the form of glorious combat.
battle is the great redeemer.
fire and crucible in which the only true heroes are forged.
The one place where all men truly share the same rank.
regardless of what kind of parasitic
scum they were going in.
Squad!
This here is Private Cage.
Private Cage.
J Squad.
Isn't that an Officer's uniform?
Or he's showing off us the cufflinks.
I see everyone is having a productive morning.
You know it gives me a swell of pride
knowing soldiers of your...
caliber will be leading the charge tomorrow.
Tip of the spear.
Edge of the knife.
Crack of my ass.
Private Kimmel. what is my view
of gambling in the barracks?
Dislike it. Sergeant Farell.
Nance. why do I dislike it?
Cause it maintains the notion that our fate
is in hands other than our own.
And what is my definitive position on the concept of fate?
Chorus.
Through readiness and discipline. we are masters of our fate.
You might call that notion ironic.
but trust me.
you'll come around.
Private Cage is a deserter.
I'm making you all personally
responsible for his deliverance.
He will be combat ready at 06:00 tomorrow.
Combat ready?
Private Cage is under the delusion
that he does not belong here.
we must dissuade him of this delusion.
If he tries to run.
feel free dissuade him until he can't piss standing up.
You have to listen to me.
I will never be combat ready...
I envy you. Cage.
Tomorrow morning you will be baptized.
born again.
PT. ten minutes!
You're not in uniform...Private.
It's a new day. people!
Destiny calls.
The world expects only one thing from us.
that we will win!
Come on. Kimmel! Let's have it!
Oh. for Christ's sakes. Kimmel!
I gotta be free. man!
Alright. man. Let's get this show on the road.
I gotta suite up.
What's that noise? That...
Let's go!
Listen. man!
I've never been in one of these.
Yeah. well. I've never been with two girls
at the same time before.
But you can bet when that day comes.
I'll make it work.
Uh...Kimmel?
It's Griff.
Griff. Griff. listen to me.
Think about this. man.
I could hurt somebody.
Not with the safety on your one.
What?
Where is the safety?
Exactly!
DO NOT CROSS
It's time.
Bloody hell! It's the full metal...
Move!
- Griff.
- Serge?
Take care of Private Cage!
What. all day?
Something tells me he won't be needing it that long.
Griff!
Cage!
We lost Germany.
We lost France.
If we lose today we won't get to fight in battle.
Now I know the pressure on you is enormous.
Two minutes to drop.
It's alright to be scared. .
Remember. there's no courage without fear.
Hey!
Oy. mate!
I think there's something wrong with his suite!
Yeah!
There's a dead guy in it.
Hey. watch your back out there. sir.
No one else will.
One minute!
One minute to drop!
Hey!
What?
How do I turn the safety off of my weapon?
How do I turn the safety off...
Oh. my God!
Everybody!
Thirty seconds to drop!
On my mark!
Standby to deploy!
Activate drop ride!
Remember...
Drop! Drop!
Drop! Go!
Let's go! Let's go!
Drop! Drop!
Cage. drop or die!
Yeah! Wooh!
We made it!
Squad. we made it! Yeah...
What the...?!
Private Cage!
You're going the wrong way!
You're gonna miss your moment!
What the hell?
They're not supposed to know we're even coming.
It's a slaughter house. man!
It's a slaughter house!
Pull yourself together. Ford!
On your feet. people!
Get in line!
Nance. get me a sitrep!
Safety?
Griff. Ford. go to the front!
My safety?
How do I get my safety...?
I'm waiting. Nance!
I got traces!
Five hundred meters and they're coming in fast!
Son of a bitch.
Put a line if you want to stay that way.
On your position!
Move!
Here they come.
Mean as hell and filthy as grass.
Wait till the other ride's on us!
Few more seconds!
Hey!
Fall back!
Reload!
On your feet. maggot!
Get in line before I bust your hole
with my boot heel. maggot!
Hold up there. son.
Can I help you. sir?
Sergeant Farell...
That is my name.
I think I get it.
What was it?
Poker night?
Bachelor party?
I'm not sure.
It happens.
I'll get you sorted out. sir.
Let me take those for you.
What...what day is it?
For you...
Judgment day.
The good new is there's hope for your. Private.
Hope in the form of glorious combat.
battle is the great redeemer.
the fire and crucible...
- in which the only true heroes...
- in which the only true heroes are forged.
Did you just interrupt me. Private?
Sergeant.
You're...you're not gonna believe
what I'm about to tell you.
No. I'm not.
Now. where was I?
The Fire and crucible.
The Fire and crucible...
in which
the only true heroes are forged.
The one place where all men
truly share the same rank.
regardless of what kind of parasitic
scum they were going in.
Squad! This here is Private Cage.
Private Cage. J Squad.
Isn't that an Officers uniform?
He's showing off us the cufflinks.
You know it gives me a swell of pride
knowing soldiers of your...
caliber will be leading the charge tomorrow.
Tip of the spear.
Edge of the knife.
Crack of my ass.
Private Kimmel. what is my view
of gambling in the barracks?
Dislike it. Sergeant Farell.
Nance. why do I dislike it?
Cause it maintains the notion that our fate
is in hands other than our own.
And what is my definitive position
on the concept of fate?
Chorus.
Through readiness and discipline
we are masters of our fate.
You might call that notion ironic.
but trust me.
You'll come around.
Oh. for Christ's sakes. Kimmel!
I gotta be free. man!
Alright. man. Let's get this show on the road.
I gotta suite up.
Disengage.
Hey. what the hell's wrong with you. man?
Haven't you been in one of these before?
Maybe.
Do you know where the safety is?
I'm not sure.
Good.
Now I know the pressure on you is enormous.
Two minutes to drop.
It's alright to be scared.
Remember. there's no courage without fear.
Hey. Oy. mate!
I think there's something wrong with your suite!
Yeah!
There's a dead guy in it.
Hey. watch your back out there. sir.
No one else will.
Clean. bitch!
On my mark!
Standby to deploy!
Activate drop ride!
Thirty seconds!
- Remember...
- Hey!
Yeah! Wooh! We made it!
Behind you!
Watch out!
Incoming!
I'm hit!
How bad is it?
Is there... a lot of blood?
You have a hole in your chest.
Really?
Yeah.
Did you just take my...my battery...battery?
Oh. no. no!
Holy fuc...!?
On your feet. maggot!
Sergeant Farell!
Can I help you. sir?
My name is Major Will Cage.
U.S. Army Media Relations.
I wasn't at a bachelor party or a poker game!
You have an order in your left pocket
that says that I'm a deserter impersonating an officer.
but what it doesn't say is that your...
Your name is Master Sergeant Farell
from Science Hill. Kentucky.
And if you'll give me thirty seconds
to explain how I know
that you may just save the lives
of every soldier on this base.
You have to listen to me!
They know we're coming!
They're waiting for us!
I have been there!
I've seen it!
You're all doomed!
You're doomed!
Okay. I'm calm.
Okay. I'm fine. I'm fine.
This is J Squad. yes?
This is J Squad. yes.
Not that I should know that. but okay.
Have any of you met me before?
Bitch. I don't know you.
Exactly! Yes!
Thank you.
Your name is Nance.
You're Bimmel...
Kimmel! Kimmel!
You fight balls out. literally.
Ford.
Skinner.
Griff.
You're...
He doesn't talk much.
But there's a card game under the bed...
Thanks a lot. asshole.
Uh...Kimmel's winning on a flush.
Uh...spades. no clubs.
And you're gonna make them
eat those cards. Am I right?
Now. what I'm about to tell you sounds crazy.
It's true.
And you have to listen to me.
You're very lives depend on it.
1 minute!
What is he saying?
Nance!
On my mark!
Standby to deploy!
- Activate drop ride. thirty seconds!..
- This ship is about to explo...!
Disengage.
Yeah! Wooh! We made it!
Squad. we made it!
...or I'll bust your hole with my boot heel!
We made it!
Squad. we made it!
I'm sorry!
I'm trying to save you.
We're getting slaughtered.
You need to get us off this beach.
We have to go.
This drop ship is about to explode.
We have to go now!
Wait.
Come on!
This ship is going to explode!
What are you doing?
Find me when you wake up.
What?
Come find me when you wake up...
On your feet. maggot!
Get in line before I bust your hole
with my boot heel. maggot!
The good new is there's hope for your. Private.
Battle is the great redeemer.
Te fire and crucible in which
the only true heroes are forged.
The one place where all men truly share the...
Squad this here is...
Private Cage.
You must me J Squad.
It's good to meet you.
Isn't that an officer's uniform?
- These sure ain't officers...
...cufflinks.
Keys.
In the left pocket...
Probably.
Private Cage is a deserter.
I'm making you all personally
responsible for his deliverance.
He will be combat ready by 06:00 tomorrow.
Private Cage is under the delusion
that he does not belong here.
We must dissuade him of this delusion.
- If he tries to run. feel free dissuade him until...
- Oh. no. no. no. no. I'm...
I'm not gonna run from you guys.
- It's uh...not a chance.
- ...he can't piss standing up.
Thank you. Sergeant Farell.
What next?  A little uh...
PT?
PT!
Ten minutes!
Left.
What do you stand up?
A warrior!
What do warrior's do?
Kill!
What are you gonna do?
This is gonna be my twentieth battle tomorrow. man.
You haven't been in twenty battles. man.
I have. too!
You're gonna dump your load
the second we hit the beach tomorrow.
Why don't you two get yourselves
a nice hot cup of shut the hell up?
You funny. girl.
But I bet you I set some iron record tomorrow.
Busting his hand moving back when he falls forward
slipping in your shit.
Knock off the grab ass!
Grab this. Serge!
Hold up!
Private give me...
Fifty. Serge?
That's right.
Fifty.
Platoon.
Drop and give me fifty.
Compliments of Private Cage!
Thank you. Serge.
- And one!
- One!
- And two!
- Two!
- And three!
- Three
Oh! What the hell were you thinking?
There's hope for your. Private.
Hope in the form of glorious combat.
Battle is the great redeemer.
Two.
Three.
DO NOT CROSS
Excuse me. Sergeant Vrataski?
Excuse me.
Sergeant Vrataski?
Ya?
Yes! Who said you could talk to me?
Have I got something on my face. soldier?
You did. You did.
Tomorrow. at the beach.
We meet.
You said to find you when I wake up.
You do know what's happening to me.
Come with me.
Now.
You don't talk to anyone about this but me.
cause the best case scenario
is you're gonna end up in a psych ward.
The worst case you'll get
dissected for study.
Are we clear?
Yes?
Yes.
First time you died. what happened?
You killed a Mimic?
Yes.
Describe it.
Uh...it was different.
It was a bigger.
Blueish.
And you got covered in its blood.
As a matter of fact. I did.
They know we're coming.
On the beach tomorrow.
It's a slaughter. isn't it?
How do you know this?
Could you just...
Wait!
Wait! Wait!
Would you please just explain
to me what the hell is happening?
What happened to you happened to me.
I had it. I lost it. Okay?
I mean. that's great. there's a cure.
How do I get rid of this?
First I need your help.
Help with what exactly?
Winning the war.
Let's go. come on!
Rita. what is this?
Rita. what are you doing here?
You've got to give me some warning.
Who's this?
He's me. before Verdun.
He's gonna help us.
What. you mean. he's...?
Yes.
- When did he die? Where?
- On the beach. tomorrow.
How many fingers am I holding up behind my back?
How should I know that?
Okay.
So this is the first time
we've had this conversation?
We should try this on him?
- What the hell is that?
- It doesn't work.
- Has he had any visions yet?
- Visions of what?
Okay. so there's still time.
- Yes.
- Time? Look. I...I'm sorry.
What...who is this?
Who are you?
I'm Dr. Carter.
Particle Physics Advanced Microbiology.
He's also the only other person
who'll believe what's happening to you.
No one understands Mimic biology. better than him.
He's a top analyst at the Whitehall.
Ye...well. I mean. I was
until I met Rita and now I'm just a...a
"mechanic with psychiatric delusions."
Carter. show him.
Right. the first of all. you're not fighting an army.
You have to think of this as a single organism.
Now these common drones. they act like its claws.
That Alpha's. like the one that you killed.
are much more rare.
Yeah. they're like one in six point one eight million. by my guess.
They act as the enemies...
They're like its central nervous system
But this...
is the brain.
It controls them all.
And this is the Omega.
And the Omega has the ability to control time.
Whenever an Alpha is killed.
an automatic response is triggered.
The Omega starts the day over again.
but you see this time it can remember
what's going to happen.
just like you do.
It-it knows exactly what we're
going to do before we're gonna do it.
And an enemy that knows the future can't lose.
But if that's true. how did you win in Verdun?
We were allowed to win.
This thing wants us to believe we can win.
It wants us to throw everything we have into the invasion.
Operation Downfall isn't our end game.
It's the enemy's.
The thing you've got to understand is this is a...
perfectly evolved world conquering organism.
For all we know. there are thousands.
millions. of those asteroids...
floating around the cosmos like a virus.
And it's just waiting to crash land
into a world with just the right conditions.
All they need is for the dominant
life form to attack and...
And they'll be nothing to stop the Mimics
from conquering the rest of the world.
Unless you change the outcome.
Me?
When you killed that Alpha. you inadvertently
entered the enemy's nervous system.
Cage.
You've seized control
of the Omega's ability to rest the day.
How is that even possible?
Perhaps this organism's only vulnerability...
its...its only vulnerability... is humanity.
Regardless of that. you control the power now.
Just as I did in Verdun.
So I'm resetting the day?
Okay.
How do I control it?
You have to die.
Every day.
Until the Omega is destroyed.
Fist of all. that was a terrific presentation.
Terrific.
I know the General.
We should take this to him.
You just tell him everything
you told me. he would know...
I went to see the General. Cage.
Many number of times.
Psyche ward. dissection.
Remember?
What are you expecting from me?
Have you seen anything strange?
Is he shitting me?
Visions.
Visions! Have you seen any visions like that?
The Omega centers when its losing control of its power.
Even now its mentally searching to find you.
When its close to finding you.
you will start having visions.
You'll start to see that.
You'll even see where it is.
And you had these visions?
Yes.
But eventually you saw it.
I mean. you actually saw it. Right?
Never in the flesh.
So this is all just some...
theory?
You don't know if this thing even exists.
The visions showed me it was at Verdun.
I could see it!
I...I just...
lost the power before I could get to it.
And by the time we took Verdun.
the Omega was gone.
Okay. so all I have to do is wait to have these visions.
and then tell you where this Omega thing is?
No. Cage.
You're gonna get me there.
and I'm gonna kill it.
Get you there?
I mean. I'm not even trained for combat.
Reload.
You alright. Cage?
I think I broke something.
What?
My back.
The only thing I can feel are my lips.
Now listen carefully.
This is a very important rule.
This is the only rule.
You get injured on the field.
you better make sure you die.
Why?
Last time I was in combat.
I was hit.
I was bleeding out. just not fast enough.
I woke up in a field hospital
with three pints of someone else's blood
and I was out.
I lost the power. do you understand?
Then you better start over. don't you?
What?
No one knows what happened to Private Cage?
Skinner. you dumb ass.
he was right next to you.
you're telling me you don't know
where that slippery son of a bitch went?
No. Serge!
Alright.
- Let's do another fifty. shall we?
- Oh. no!
And one!
No! Wait. wait!
My name is Will Cage.
I...we met on the beach.
We meet on the beach. tomorrow.
I have what you had.
Alright. let's go again.
You don't have time to think.
Remember. it's now enough knowing
where they're going to be.
you have to know how to kill them.
That's it...hold on! Hold on!
Listen! Listen!
Okay. do it.
On your feet. maggot!
Stop!
Wait. wait. wait. wait!
Stop! Wait!
Wait a second!
You know. I've been thinking.
I mean. this thing's in my blood.
So maybe there's some way I can transfer it to you.
I've tried everything.
it doesn't work.
And have you...
You know?
Tried all...all the options?
Oh. you mean sex?
Yep. tried it.
How many times?
Alright.
Left. left. left. left!
Keep your eyes open.
Again!
Just wait. wait! I think I'm okay.
On your feet. maggot!
Maggot! Maggot!
Now. I'm done being nice to you. maggot! Now move!
You okay. Cage?
Oh. yeah! Yeah. I'm good! I'm good!
You're leg's broken.
No! I...I can still feel my toes.
Oh. come on!
Rita! Rita! What is this?
What are you doing here?
Look. who's this guy?
- He's me... before Verdun.
- ... before Verdun.
What...what do you mean? He's...?
Yes! Yes!
When did he die? Where?
On the beach. tomorrow.
I'm Will Cage.
you're Dr. Carter.
We've had this conversation before.
You have two fingers behind your back.
I've had the visions.
I've seen the Omega.
It's... pretty much game over tomorrow.
So can we move this along?
Okay.
Where?
There's a dam.
it's in the mountains.
I saw German writing.
Do you think you can work out where that is?
Well. I mean there can't be
too many places that fit that description.
Do you think you can work out where that is?
Well. I mean there can't be
too many places that fit that description.
I'll see what I can do.
Training's over.
I'll see you tomorrow.
- We don't even know where we're going.
- We will. soon enough.
In the mean time. you need to figure out
a way to get us off that beach.
What next?
Where are we going?
- Yeah...
- Which way? Focus!
Which way?
I'm thinking.
Okay...
Oh. man!
How far do we make it?
Well. it's... hard to say.
Hold!
Okay. go!
Son of a bitch!
- I thought stepping left. ducking.
- Fine.
Just for the record. stepping left...
- Stepping left. ducking right.
- It was pretty specific.
Stepping left. ducking right.
Move on.
Hold on!
Now remember. across the trench. twelve o'clock.
then look to your right.
- You're not being specific. you understand?
- Oh. okay.
You need to be specific.
otherwise I'm dead.
Rita.
Cage!
That takes us up to the top and then the trench.
I'm gonna step left. there's gonna be
a Mimic there which I'll kill...
There's an explosion. I'm gonna run
thirty paces to the north west.
I'm gonna duck at the top of that trench.
and then I'm gonna turn left.
I got something on my face?
No!
Cage!
We've been looking everywhere for you!
Guys.
Guys can we just...
not do this today?
What are you talking about?
Farell almost strung us up
by our bullocks for losing track of you!
Okay. Skinner.
Watch this.
Now I'm gonna close my eyes.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
I didn't mind the extra push ups.
It's a new day. people!
Destiny calls.
The world expects only one thing from us:
That we will win!
The current situation on the front line
show heavy casualties...
It's about time we showed
those things what we're made of.
My father flew in the battle of Britain.
three years before the yanks came into the war.
Couldn't be broken. backbone.
My Uncle George landed
on the beach of Normandy. yeah.
In their day. this war
would have been over by now.
What do they want with us anyway?
It's obvious. isn't it?
Minerals.
Minerals?
- Yeah. minerals.
- Oxygen. they want.
Oxygen?
Think about it...
What difference does it make?
They're here. they're winning.
And whatever it is. they're gonna get it.
Shouldn't you be over there?
I've been over there.
More times than anybody.
As a matter of fact.
I'm usually long dead by now.
Coward.
- What's going on?
- The power's gone.
I found the Omega. I found it.
It has to be here.
Großer Dam. Germany.
This as got to be it.
It fits the description perfectly.
Yes. you found it.
Again.
What difference does it make?
Cause we're never gonna get there.
No matter what we do.
no matter how carefully we plan.
we can't get off that beach.
You can do this.
You can.
You keep coming here everyday
and I'll train you.
You already have.
I'm waiting. Nance!
Five hundred meters and closing fast!
What the...?!
Reloading.
What's next?
Straight shot.
Up the hill.
Okay.
Hey. Serge.
The new guy....
what's his name again?
We need a vehicle to get further inland.
Then what's the problem?
The problem is the ambush waiting for us down there.
they kill before we find a working car.
Okay. so what's the current plan?
- The two cars I haven't tried are the Minivan...
- Yep.
- and the green SUV.
- Okay.
I'll head for the SUV. draw the Mimics to me.
You go for the Minivan.
You get it started. just go. take off.
- Do not wait for me.
- Okay.
Well...just don't forget to disconnect
the caravan before you take off.
You are going to be in a hurry.
you don't want any dead weight.
Come on.
Come on. Cage!
Can't see!
Did you...?
Stay where you are. remain calm.
If you are in a vehicle.
please lock the doors and stay inside.
The enemy has reached London.
Repeat.
London is under attack.
That's good driving.
I forgot to unhook the trailer.
You don't talk much.
Not a fan.
Of talking?
Not a fan of talking. no.
You know. you eventually do talk to me.
It's usually around Lyon. you tell me
about the time you went there with your family.
Your brother got lost.
I've never been to Lyon.
You tell me your middle name.
Peyton.
That's not my middle name.
You found your brother in the arcade. by the way.
Well maybe I made it all up just to keep you quiet.
But you do talk to me.
Cage. I do not need to get to know you.
And if you knew what was good for you.
you wouldn't want to get to know me either.
It's the only way you make it through this thing.
What about Hendricks. you get to know him?
How do you know that name?
You mention him.
That's not possible.
- Then how do I know his name?
- When did I mention him?
Under what circumstance?
Is he why you won't talk to me?
Don't ever mention his name again.
Why...
- are you in love with him?
- He's dead!
And I watched him die three hundred times.
and I remember... every detail.
I remember everything.
So I don't need to talk about it.
I'm sorry.
It's just war.
There's nothing here. keep going.
We have to find the keys.
Let's just siphon the gas.
And why drive when we can fly?
In that thing?
Let me guess. you're afraid of heights.
I'm afraid of crashing.
I'm not at all ashamed to admit it.
You'll be fine. Cage.
You'll learn.
- What is it?
-  It's nothing. I'm fine.
- It's nothing.
Rita.
Let me see.
We have to find the keys to the helicopter.
I'm sure they're around here somewhere.
You know the heli's full of fuel.
I found a hose.
We're flying. Cage.
Well. let's just say we find keys. you know?
Get that helicopter started.
We don't have our jackets or ammunition.
And it's gonna be dark in a few hours.
Might be better just going back to the farmhouse.
seeing what we could salvage.
You know. spend the night there.
Come back here in the morning.
And curl up by the fire
and open a bottle of wine?
We should just reset.
- It's a dead end.
- Hey. hold...just...
If it's all the same to you.
I'm tired. I'm in pain.
I'd rather just start fresh.
I'll tell you what. take a few minutes.
Coffee's ready.
I'll look around for the keys. that's productive.
Ten minutes.
Okay.
And then I'm killing you.
Fine.
I can't believe you found coffee.
Thank you.
Oh. Sugar. right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Hold on. three.
You like three.
There's a shirt over there.
it should be your size.
How many times have we been here?
How many times?
Where are the keys?
- Where are the Goddamn keys?
-  Okay.
You can fly it. can't you?
No. Well...yes.
I mean. I can take off.
I'm still working on my landing.
What are we still doing here?
You're wasting time!
Rita.
You start that engine. you die!
This is as far as you go.
No matter what I do.
This is as far as you ever make it.
There's a Mimic buried twenty yards away.
It attacks when you start the engine.
Get your weapon
and get in the helicopter. Cage.
There's more than a field battle there.
Only one of us ever makes it.
Get in.
The only thing we haven't tried is a version
where you walk away. just go back to the farmhouse.
There's food. you wait there until I get back.
You'll be safe.
I'm a soldier.
I volunteered.
I'm not walking away.
You die here!
Right here!
I...can't save you.
And if I go on and kill the Omega.
You're dead.
Forever.
Why does it matter what happens to me?
I wish I didn't know you.
But I do.
My middle name...
is Rose.
On your feet. maggot!
Looks there's hope for your. Private.
Hope in the form of glorious combat.
Battle is the great redeemer.
the fire and crucible
in which the only true heroes are forged.
The one place...
Yes?
Who said you could talk to me?
Do I have something on my face. soldier?
I'm sorry to disturb you. Sergeant.
Alright. man. Let's get this show on the road.
I gotta suite up.
Where's your helmet?
I'm not gonna wear one.
It's a distraction.
Have you been drinking?
I need three more clips of five-five-six.
eight grenades and an extra battery.
Get it!
Oy!
Oy. mate!
I think there's something wrong with your suite!
There's a dead guy in it.
Yeah!
Wooh-hoo! We made it!
Thank God. we made it!
Yeah...!
Finish it!
It isn't there.
What do you mean
the Omega isn't there?
My guess is it never was.
They knew we were coming.
They ambushed us.
The visions were a trap.
Just like Rita's visions were a trap at Verdun.
It could have killed me. but it didn't.
It's after my blood.
So they know who you are. they...
They want their power back.
And they're gonna get it one way or another.
unless we find the Omega.
There...there isn't any other way. we're finished!
No. we're not finished.
It doesn't work.
I can't get it to work...
- You built a prototype at Whitehall.
- Yes! And I got fired for it. thank you very much.
- What is this thing. anyway?
- It's a transponder.
You stick it into the Alpha and it taps
into the wavelength connecting it to the Omega.
That's the idea anyway.
But I can't get it to work.
not with the equipment I have on hand.
How do we get you what you need?
Well. that's the thing. I mean....
when I was at Whitehall I built one.
I was even ready to test it.
but when I told my superiors about it.
well I lost my job.
They thought he was crazy.
So all we need to do is go to Whitehall.
He'd be arrested ten feet from the front doors.
Psyche ward dissection. remember?
Hey. hey. hey! Aren't you forgetting something?
The transponder requires
a live Alpha to make it work.
We don't need one.
We got the next best thing.
When the Chinese delegation comes out.
you pick up the pace.
There's a guy with a yellow arm band
that always recognizes you.
So just keep your head down
and stay to my right.
Nicely done.
One.
Two.
Hold.
Turn.
Okay. keep walking.
Just go straight ahead.
Robinson
I've asked not to be disturbed.
This had better be critical.
Fate of mankind.
Critical enough?
I don't believe what I'm seeing.
I've had more than my share of that.
Sit down. General.
and stay away from your desk.
I'd take her very seriously if I were you.
I have to hand it to you. Major.
when you left this office today.
I never imagined you'd be back.
let alone with my most decorated soldier.
I'm here to tell you a story. General.
and at first it's gonna sound ridiculous.
but the longer I talk the more rational.
it's going to appear.
Tell him you'll call back.
Tell who?
Major General Beaumont calling from Halifax.
His plane's just been delayed.
Bad weather.
Yes?
Thank you. Beaumont.
I'll call you back.
Tomorrow's invasion is a slaughter.
I'm dead within five minutes of landing on that beach.
along with every other soldier you are sending.
And that's because
the enemy knows we're coming.
Now how do I know this?
Before I died I killed a Mimic.
only this one was different.
It passed something
onto me in my blood.
Now I relive the same day
over and over again.
Just like they do.
Just like Sergeant Vrataski at Verdun.
Tell your secretary everything's fine.
I beg your pardon?
Oh. I'm sorry. General.
I thought you were alone.
It's fine.
She typed up those orders for you to authorize.
but she left out the word
eferring to the fuel duct in Greenwich.
Your name is Iris.
You're birthday is September 17th.
The General probably pulled some
strings stationed your only son in Australia.
as far from the war as possible.
Tell the General his dinner's been canceled.
the call came in just now.
Your dinner was canceled.
You forgot the fuel duct.
Thank you. Iris.
That will be all.
- Cage. Let's go.
- Rita.
- Let me just...
- What are you doing?
Please. don't shoot him yet.
Okay? Just...
General.
Th...this isn't the first time
we've had this conversation.
Cause that's...because you're...you're stubborn.
You won't believe me when I tell you
that Dr. Carter was right.
That the enemy can manipulate time.
The invasion will fail.
no matter how many bodies you throw at it.
And the only way to win this war.
is by finding this power source within the cord
and killing it.
And the only means of finding it
is in that safe right there.
No matter how many times
that we have this conversation.
you refuse to accept that the enemy
breaks through to London tomorrow.
and we lose.
We lose everything.
Let's say for the moment.
that I can't rationally explain...
your impressive parlor tricks.
Dr. Carter told me...
this device requires a live Mimic to work.
What use is it to you?
- That's my concern.
- On the contrary.
According to you. this concerns the whole world.
Well what would you do if you believed
everything I just told you?
- I would locate this...
- Omega.
And bomb it out of existence.
You're not mentally equipped
to fight this thing.
and you never will be.
What do we do now?
I don't know.
We've never gotten this far.
That was easy.
Stop! Stop right there!
Don't move!
Nobody move!
Drop it!
How am I supposed to do this?
Stick it in your leg!
Do it!
Cage. what happened?
Talk to me!
I feel it. it...it's taking me there.
What do you see?
It's...it's the Louvre.
Where? Where else?
I'm inside now. It's flooded.
I'm going down a garage.
a garage underneath the museum.
<i<The Omega. do you see it?
It's in Paris!
Rita!
What have you done?
You'll be fine.
You just needed blood.
You don't know what you've just done.
I'm not allowed to talk to you.
I was with someone.
Rita Vrataski. Is she alive?
Rita Vrataski?
Please.
Just tell me that.
Please tell me.
I'm sorry.
I was out of those things in three minutes flat. Cage.
What's wrong with you?
I thought you were dead.
Not yet.
I'm sorry. Cage.
No! Wait. wait. wait!
I'm out! I'm out!
They gave me blood!
I lost the power.
I feel it.
I can't reset the day anymore.
We have to kill the Omega.
before the invasion starts.
That gives us less than three hours.
We need a drop ship to get to Paris in time.
We need more soldiers too.
No one's crazy enough to follow us to Paris.
Cage!
Guys!
We've been looking everywhere for you!
Just listen...
Farell almost strung us up by our bullocks
for losing track of you!
Just listen.
But you're gonna want to hear this story.
Now it's gonna sound ridiculous at first.
but the longer I talk the more rational it's going to appear.
Yeah?!
He named the school I went to.
and then he tells me
my second grade teacher
was called Miss Pollyhook.
She wouldn't let him go to the bathroom.
made his wet his pants.
Shut up!
Look. I'm telling you. he know everything...
about all of us.
Bullshit.
Yeah?
He says your name ain't really Ford.
He says Ford was your friend.
died in combat on his first day.
You took his place.
send your checks to his family.
You slippery bitch.
Cage says the enemy knows us too.
They're waiting for us on the beach.
and we all die.
The whole invasion is a slaughter.
But it means coming with me. right now.
Listen. pal.
I don't really care
what you think you know about us.
We just met you.
Come on. why would we
follow him into combat?
I don't expect you to follow me.
I expect you to follow her.
That's the full metal bi...
J Squad.
This is Rita Vrataski.
Otherwise known as...
Yeah. yeah.
The Angel of Verdun.
Okay.
It's a new day. people!
Destiny calls.
The world expects only one thing from us:
That we will win!
Rest assured they enemy will thank you
for not giving a hundred percent today
Squad!
Where's J Squad?
Right. okay.
So this Omega. it controls time?
Exploding it into pieces and sending
its bullocks back to where it came from!
And then we go home!
Right. it's guarded by an Alpha...
Just kill it. okay?
No!
You head what Cage said.
Do not kill an Alpha.
If we kill an Alpha. the Omega
will reset this whole day.
We'll never even remember
we had this conversation.
They're gonna know we're coming.
So what am I supposed to do
if one of those Alpha's is about to kill me?
Take a hit for the team.
When we're on the ground.
there's not gonna be much time
before they know we're there.
We're gonna need eyes up here.
I'm going in. Cage.
Thirty seconds. still contact.
Kimmel.
No!
Ford! Let's go!
Cage!
We gotta go!
Drop!
Cage. they know we're coming in!
You're not hooked in!
What took you so long?
Where are the others?
Kita kehabisan amunisi.
We're low on ammo.
I've got one claymine.
Ford. you're out.
Griff has only got half a magazine left
and he can hardly move.
I thought you could see the future?
I haven't lived this day.
I don't know what's gonna happen.
It doesn't matter.
What matters is we finish this.
With what?
I mean. Griff can't even walk.
We're three men down.
Come on!
Look. we're running out of time.
Collect your ammo.
There must be a thousand Mimics
between us and that pyramid.
So what are we gonna do?
Just walk up to the front door. is that it?
If we stay here. we die.
Yeah?
We'll never get through.
We could.
In that.
That ship will never fly.
It doesn't need to fly.
It just needs to get us across there.
with speed.
If the engines are still running.
we could steer with the power levers.
Skinner.
Clear a path.
- Try it again now.
- No. it's not reading.
Condition lever low.
Electrical power on.
Griff!
We gotta go!
Come on!
I'm not gonna be any good in there. mate.
Let me buy you some time.
The power's on.
This is gonna work.
Hey!
Hey. come on. man!
We gotta go!
Don't wait for us!
Skinner. Griff. come on!
- We're good to go. where are they?
- Where's Skinner and Griff?
They're not coming!
Go. brother. You gotta go. man.
I'll see you in the next life.
Bullocks!
Move over! Move over!
We gotta go!
No. we gotta go now!
They're coming. Cage.
Die you bastards!
Die!
Reload
We've got incoming!
Come on!
Cage!
You have to take over!
Rita!
Push it! Push it!
We've been through worse.
Okay.
It's there.
In the water. there.
That's an Alpha.
I'm gonna draw that thing away.
You kill the Omega.
No.
You won't make it ten feet
before that thing kills you. Cage.
I can do it.
Take the grenades.
Listen to me.
Neither one of us is getting out of here.
Thank you.
For getting me this far.
You're a good man. Cage.
I wish I had the chance to know you better.
Welcome to London. Major.
I'm Corporal Montgomery.
the liaison to General Brigham's press office.
Very good to have you.
Have you heard the news?
Just before sunrise this morning.
a large surge of energy
was detected in Paris.
We do not know exactly what this signifies.
but the result appears to be a total collapse
of the enemy's capacity to fight.
Russian and Chinese troops
are now moving across Europe.
without resistance.
Tomorrow we advance on the Western front.
We believe we are marching
to claim a victory for ourselves
for our loved ones.
for our countrymen.
for the entire human race.
What are you?
I'm a warrior!
What do warriors do?
Kill!
What are you gonna do?
You haven't been in twenty battles. Ford.
I have too!
You're gonna dump your load
the second we hit the beach tomorrow. Ford.
How about you two get yourselves
a nice hot cup of shut the hell up?
You funny. girl.
But I bet you I set
some kind of record tomorrow.
Fastest time moving backwards for...
slipping in your own shit!
Who are you standing for??
A warrior!
What do warriors do?
Kill!
Attention!
Yes?
What do you want?
Sub: Khoibeo3g.